Switching Between Empire and Metasploit
The Empire agent supports many features.
However, there are often times
we need to use features that are
only found in Metasploit.
Since we can have both
Empire and Metasploit
shells on the same compromised host,
this is actually quite easy.
First, we’ll use msfvenom
to generate a meterpreter reverse shell
as an executable.
We next set up a Metasploit listener
using the multi/handler module
and the same settings
we used for our payload.
We’ll use the multi handler module,
set the payload to a
reverse http meterpreter,
and set the values for LPORT and LHOST.
With our settings configured,
we’ll launch the module.
Now we switch back to our
PowerShell Empire shell
and upload the executable.
After uploading the executable,
we’ll issue the pwd command
to reveal its location
and then execute it.
With the executable running,
we’ll switch back to our
meterpreter listener
and find the incoming shell.
Reversing this process to
connect to an Empire agent
from an existing meterpreter session
is also simple.
We can create a launcher and use
meterpreter to upload and execute it.
First we’ll create the
launcher using Empire.
We simply set the Listener,
which in our case is http,
then upload and execute it.
We’ll first upload the file
through the meterpreter shell.
Then we’ll run the shell command
and execute our batch script.
Now we should receive an
Empire agent from the compromised host.
Using these techniques,
we can switch between frameworks
on the same compromised host.